she tonight and for the second evening
therefore we find ourselves at
battle castle and I can you
certify that we are going to spend tonight
an exceptional evening because for those
who do not know daniil trifonov
who has I believe around 22 23
years he already has a pretty
exceptional and it's a great chance
to have been able to see her tonight and I
leave in his company
I can
and
it was a magical settlement that's fine
really impressed not really
impressive
extraordinary a lot of sensitivity
an absolutely perfect technique
I feasted and had the
tears to the eyes incredible source he has
played in different registers so in
the word that I remembered tonight is
amazing I found an atmosphere
extremely
attentive and collected even it was
cochise of the order
spiritual
really very very very attentive
we felt that
it was really very very
captivated by
the piano is not
I asked this gene
artist who is really very promising
very successful ah
it's very invested it was so
in it was a big moment